perform a bitwise xor on creation date and 150.
apply a bitwise not on current date and -25.
do a bitwise not on country code and 1.
make a bitwise right shift on element and 4.
carry out a bitwise right shift on end time and 0.
do a bitwise xor on item array and 550.
make a bitwise or on geo coordinates and 4.
carry out a bitwise xor on employee record and 9.
perform a bitwise left shift on k and -5.
make a bitwise left shift on pos and 2500.
apply a bitwise right shift on user age and user age.
apply a bitwise right shift on category type and category type.
carry out a bitwise right shift on element and element.
do a bitwise left shift on inventory level and inventory level.
carry out a bitwise xor on supplier name and supplier name.
carry out a bitwise right shift on colleague email and colleague email.
perform a bitwise and on delivery address and delivery address.
apply a bitwise or on is deleted and is deleted.
carry out a bitwise not on user status and user status.
carry out a bitwise xor on result and result.
apply a bitwise xor on counter and counter.
make a bitwise right shift on zip code and zip code.
apply a bitwise xor on result table and result table.
make a bitwise xor on position and position.
apply a bitwise not operation on result and -45.
do a bitwise and operation on item array and 450.
carry out a bitwise not operation on order number and -4.
perform a bitwise or operation on i and 1500.
perform a bitwise right shift operation on end date and 150.
carry out a bitwise left shift operation on account balance and 5.
carry out a bitwise or operation on index and 0.
apply a bitwise right shift operation on feature flags and 2500.
carry out a bitwise and operation on building number and 4.
apply a bitwise right shift operation on default config and 2000.
carry out a bitwise or operation on user login and 0.
carry out a bitwise xor operation on budget allocation and 40.
perform a bitwise or operation on product price and 2.
make a bitwise or operation on i and -5.
do a bitwise not operation on user gender and -15.
carry out a bitwise or operation on key and key.
apply a bitwise left shift operation on total amount and total amount.
apply a bitwise not operation on counter and counter.
do a bitwise not operation on discount rate and discount rate.
apply a bitwise not operation on user list and user list.
make a bitwise and operation on max value and max value.
make a bitwise right shift operation on feature flags and feature flags.
carry out a bitwise xor operation on creation date and creation date.
carry out a bitwise xor operation on region name and region name.
do a bitwise and operation on pos and pos.
apply a bitwise or operation on is approved and is approved.
bitwise is logged in right shift is logged in.
bitwise partner name not partner name.
bitwise config path and config path.
bitwise zip code and zip code.
bitwise iteration or iteration.
bitwise gross income not gross income.
bitwise colleague email left shift colleague email.
bitwise product name and product name.
bitwise discount rate and discount rate.
bitwise secondary contact right shift secondary contact.
bitwise step not step.
bitwise is approved xor is approved.
bitwise time elapsed xor time elapsed.
bitwise partner name right shift partner name.
bitwise expiry date xor 2000.
bitwise street name xor 450.
bitwise product set and -30.
bitwise reorder point and 2500.
bitwise transaction amount and 6.
bitwise config path and 50.
bitwise user type right shift 10.
bitwise settings and 3500.
bitwise due date left shift -4.
bitwise result table xor 30.
bitwise or position and -15.
bitwise not city name and 55.
bitwise right shift account balance and -2.
bitwise right shift guardian name and 1.
bitwise right shift alternate address and 30.
bitwise right shift budget allocation and 2500.
bitwise left shift mentor id and 1.
bitwise right shift budget allocation and -35.
bitwise or has access and 0.
bitwise xor product id and 550.
bitwise left shift counter and 45.
bitwise left shift user age and user age.
bitwise and supplier name and supplier name.
bitwise xor system properties and system properties.
bitwise xor user profile and user profile.
bitwise left shift map location and map location.
bitwise not data frame and data frame.
bitwise right shift colleague email and colleague email.
bitwise xor is deleted and is deleted.
bitwise and office location and office location.
bitwise and end time and end time.
bitwise or user preferences and user preferences.
bitwise left shift user id and user id.