enter from the user with message Enter a value and put it to k.
enter from the user with message Please enter a value and set it to username.
fetch from the user with message enter a value for the variable and store to loop index.
enter from the user with message Enter a value and put it in max value.
get from the user with message Please write a value and put it in k.
fetch from the user with message Please input a value for the variable and set it to completed.
input from the user with message Please enter a value and assign it to file path.
read from the user with message provide a value and assign it to user name.
input from the user with message Please provide a value for the variable and store it to user email.
retrieve from the user with message Provide an input for the name and assign it to j.
fetch from user and assign it to data.
fetch from user and store it to step.
fetch from user and assign to data.
enter from user and store it in item.
enter from user and put it to value.
fetch from user and put it in item.
read from user and store to min value.
get from user and set it to file path.
enter from user and set it to min value.
receive from user and assign to data.
take from user and store to order number with message lease input a value.
retrieve from user and store it to value with message provide a value.
retrieve from user and store it to data with message Please enter a number between 1 and 100.
take from user and store to i with message provide a value.
receive from user and store it in result with message Please provide a value for the variable.
receive from user and set it to step with message Please enter a value.
take from user and store to max value with message Please give a value.
read from user and assign to pos with message Provide an input for the name.
enter from user and store to is active with message lease input a value.
enter from user and assign it to is enabled with message enter a value for the variable.
ask user for receive using the message type a value and assign it in total amount.
ask user for retrieve using the message enter a number betweeen 1 and 10 and store to user name.
ask user for enter using the message fill in a value and store it to info.
ask user for fetch using the message type a value and store it in order number.
ask user for get using the message enter a number betweeen 1 and 10 and put it to user email.
ask user for take using the message Please assign a value and store to info.
ask user for get using the message Please set a value and assign it to has errors.
ask user for enter using the message Please insert a value and store to step.
ask user for input using the message input your age and set it to info.
ask user for get using the message Please input a value for the variable and store it in average score.
ask user to retrieve with message provide a value and store to user age.
ask user to take with message Please enter a number between 1 and 100 and store to j.
ask user to receive with message Please assign a value and store to position.
ask user to receive with message Please insert a value and store to temp.
ask user to input with message Please enter a number between 1 and 100 and store to average score.
ask user to fetch with message Please assign a value and store it to iteration.
ask user to read with message provide a value and put it in step.
ask user to retrieve with message input your age and set it to key.
ask user to enter with message provide a value and store it in is deleted.
ask user to retrieve with message Please enter a number between 1 and 100 and store it to user id.