check that zip code is equal 7.1234.
 verify that result is not equal OBJECT ORIENTED PROGRAMMING.
 assert that result is equal version control system.
 verify that user id is greater than or equal SEMI-SUPERVISED LEARNING.
 validate that gross income is greater than SUPERVISED LEARNING.
 ensure that guardian name is greater than semi-supervised learning.
 validate that user name is more than -987.
 check that system properties is equals 7.7777.
 verify that office location is not equal software engineering.
 verify that credit limit is equals 101010.
 confirm that delivery address is greater than or equal delivery address.
 validate that city name is less than or equal city name.
 check that file path is equal file path.
 confirm that creation date is more than creation date.
 validate that expiry date is greater than expiry date.
 validate that account balance is not equal account balance.
 assert that average score is less than or equal average score.
 verify that sibling count is less than sibling count.
 confirm that string buffer is greater than string buffer.
 validate that system properties is not equal system properties.
 check order queue not equal 10.
 assert max value equals true.
 validate item less than -181818.
 assert supplier name not equal statistical methods.
 confirm product price greater than or equal -1.0.
 confirm transaction amount greater than or equal 1234567.
 validate item less than or equal -202020.
 assert is verified not equal Artificial Intelligence.
 validate user role equal NETWORK SECURITY.
 confirm user role equal CASCADING STYLE SHEETS.
 ensure expiry date less than or equal expiry date.
 verify config path less than config path.
 validate end time not equal end time.
 ensure total revenue less than total revenue.
 validate count greater than count.
 ensure user list not equal user list.
 assert region name less than region name.
 confirm end date not equal end date.
 confirm account balance equals account balance.
 validate index greater than or equal index.
