write a while loop to iterate while app config is not equal environment.
 create a while loop to iterate while region name less than or equal data.
 make a while loop to iterate while country code equals iteration.
 generate a while loop to iterate while geo coordinates greater than or equal region name.
 generate a while loop to iterate while options equals i.
 generate a while loop to iterate while secondary contact equals emergency contact.
 generate a while loop to iterate while delivery address more than country code.
 using a while loop to iterate while city name greater than username.
 make a while loop to iterate while max value greater than or equal alternate address.
 use a while loop to iterate while street name is more than street name.
 make a while loop with condition secondary contact greater than or equal max value.
 using a while loop with condition k greater than user email.
 create a while loop with condition max value more than max value.
 using a while loop with condition value is greater than colleague email.
 write a while loop with condition region name less than delivery address.
 use a while loop with condition user settings is greater than partner name.
 write a while loop with condition settings is less than street name.
 using a while loop with condition data is not equal environment.
 using a while loop with condition mentor id equal element.
 use a while loop with condition iteration more than settings.
 write a while loop iterate while primary contact less than or equal 400.
 using a while loop iterate while settings not equal 2500.
 create a while loop iterate while environment is equal 10.
 use a while loop iterate while temp is equal 2500.
 using a while loop iterate while position is greater than or equal 2.
 create a while loop iterate while mentor id less than -15.021.
 generate a while loop iterate while i is less than 2500.
 write a while loop iterate while index is greater than 3.
 write a while loop iterate while item is more than 55.
 using a while loop iterate while geo coordinates is less than 10.0.
 use a while loop with condition j is greater than or equal 1.
 generate a while loop with condition feature flags is greater than 4.
 write a while loop with condition loop index less than 2.
 generate a while loop with condition index is greater than or equal -2.
 generate a while loop with condition colleague email is greater than or equal 100.
 write a while loop with condition data frame equal 55.
 make a while loop with condition counter less than 3000.
 write a while loop with condition sibling count is equal 150.
 make a while loop with condition step is not equal 150.
 generate a while loop with condition string buffer equal True.
 while emergency contact greater than min value.
 while street name more than total amount.
 while options is equal total amount.
 while index less than loop index.
 while building number is less than or equal region name.
 while environment equal k.
 while preferences is less than j.
 while user settings equal partner name.
 while street name is equal feature flags.
 while geo coordinates less than or equal average score.
 while total amount is greater than or equal 1.
 while feature flags is not equal 3000.
 while delivery address is less than 10.
 while username less than -5.
 while average score is equal 2500.
 while alternate address less than or equal 450.
 while count greater than -1.
 while index less than or equal 50.
 while environment equals False.
 while key less than False.
